Chapter 10. RF shipment
You use RF Shipment Menu options to perform procedures related to shipping inventory and handling
units.
Shipment process function keys
The following function keys are available during RF shipping processes. For information on commonly
used function keys, see "RF function keys" (on page 9).
F4-OvrLoc
During a directed deposit (such as a directed putaway or directed deposit of picked inventory), you use
F4-OvrLoc to override the displayed deposit location. This option is available when the Product Deposit
screen is displayed. During the override, you must select an override location code, which determines
whether the status of location is changed as a result of the override. You can enter a new location or
leave the location field blank to be directed to a location.

##image 100

F9-Ovr Wh Eq Lim
During putaway, you use F9-Ovr Wh Eq Lim to override the LPN limit assigned to your warehouse
equipment. For example, if the LPN limit on your equipment is set to 2, and you have room for 3, you can
press F9-Ovr Wh Eq Lim to continue adding another LPN.
When you override the equipment limit, you are no longer prompted or prevented from adding
inventory to the equipment.

##image 100
 
F9-Quantity Capture
When performing a partial inventory move, sub-LPN transfer, or inventory adjustment, you use F9-
Quantity Capture to enter the quantity by footprint UOM.

##image 100

Shipment process inline prompts
During shipment processes, you may be prompted for the following information, depending on what has
been configured for your application.
Catch quantity capture
When you are identifying or picking an item that requires a catch quantity, the Catch Quantity screen is
displayed. It prompts you to enter the catch quantity for each UOM on the LPN.
You can enter the quantity for the displayed UOM, or use the arrow key to move back to the Cap UOM
field and then enter a different UOM for the catch quantity.
For example, if an LPN contains two cases of an item that requires a catch quantity, then the screen
displays "1 of 2" so that you can enter a catch quantity for each case. The Tot C Q (total catch quantity)
field displays the total catch quantity for the LPN; it increments as you enter the catch quantity for each
UOM.

##image 100

Handling unit identify
When adding inventory to a new LPN, you may be prompted to identify the handling unit type and LPN
packaging requirements, if any.
Warehouse Management RF User Guide 143
 
Chapter 10. RF shipment
l The prompt for handling unit occurs if Inventory handling unit tracking is enabled for the
warehouse.
l The prompt for LPN packaging requirements occurs if LPN attributes are enabled for the
warehouse.

##image 100

Serial number capture
Ifserial number capture is required for the item, then after you are prompted for the LPN, sub-LPN, or
detail LPN, the screen displays the item and serial number type. The serial number type is a configuration
that identifies the format and length required for the serial number. The page numbers (such as "1 of 1")
indicate the number ofserial numbers that must be defined for the LPN level; for example, an item such
as a computer may require you to capture the serial number for the computer and the serial number for
the hard disk drive.

##image 100

Workflows
A workflow is a background process (such as label printing) or notification to either confirm or perform
one or more instructions (such as a transport equipment safety check).
If a workflow is displayed, follow the prompts to acknowledge that you have viewed and performed the
workflow.


##image 100


##image 100

 
Load transport equipment
You use Load Equip to load picked, staged inventory onto transport equipment for shipping. This option
is available for transport equipment that is parked at a dock door location. In addition, before you can
load staged shipments onto transport equipment, they must be assigned to a stop that is part of an
outbound load.
1. From the Shipment Menu, select Load Equip.
2. Enter the dock door or load identifier. The transport equipment details are displayed.

##image 100

3. Go to the displayed staging lane and enter the LPN to load.
Warehouse Management RF User Guide 145
 

##image 100

4. Continue entering LPNs until your warehouse equipment is full.
5. When prompted to deposit an LPN, enter the dock door at which the transport equipment is
parked.

##image 100

6. Continue to deposit each LPN as prompted.
View transport equipment
You use Equip Display to view the transport equipment that is parked in a yard or dock door location,
and to review the equipment status and carrier prior to moving the equipment to another location.
1. From the Receiving Menu or the Shipment Menu, select Equip Display.
2. Perform one of the following tasks:
l In the Yrd Loc field, enter a yard or dock door location.
l In the Eq Num field, enter a transport equipment identifier.

##image 100
 
3. Select the transport equipment to view.

##image 100

4. View the transport equipment details.

##image 100

Move transport equipment
You use Pickup Equip to move transport equipment from a dock door or yard location to another dock
door or yard location.
1. From the Shipment Menu, select Pickup Equip.
2. Enter the transport equipment identifier.

##image 100

 
3. Enter the source location.

##image 100

4. Confirm whether to move the displayed transport equipment.

##image 100

5. Enter the deposit location.

##image 100
 
6. Confirm whether the activity (move) has been completed.

##image 100

7. When the process is complete, press Enter.

##image 100

Complete a stop
You use Complete Stop to indicate that inventory for a stop that has been completely loaded on
outbound transport equipment. Depending on configuration, you may be prompted to enter a seal for
the stop.
1. From the Shipment Menu, select Complete Stop.
2. Enter the dock door location of the transport equipment.

##image 100

3. If prompted, enter the seal number for the stop.
4. When the process is complete, press Enter.

##image 100

Close outbound transport equipment
You use Close Equip to close outbound transport equipment. Inventory cannot be loaded on transport
equipment that has been closed.
Depending on configurations, the following actions may occur:
l Transport equipment is closed automatically after it has been loaded.
l You may be prompted for seal numbers when closing transport equipment.
l Transport equipment is dispatched automatically after it is closed.

1. From the Shipment Menu, select Close Equip.
2. Enter the dock door location of the transport equipment.

##image 100

3. Confirm the load and carrier information.

##image 100

4. If prompted, enter the seal numbers.

##image 100

Unload outbound transport equipment
You use Unload Equip to unload picked inventory from outbound transport equipment. This option is
available for transport equipment that is parked at a dock door. If the transport equipment is closed,
you must reopen the transport equipment before proceeding to unload it. See "Reopen outbound
transport equipment" (on page 156).
Depending on configuration, you may be prompted to unpick the inventory. If you decide to unpick the
inventory, the inventory is moved to your warehouse equipment and you can take it to a suitable
storage location.
1. From the Shipment Menu, select Unload Equip.
2. Enter the LPN, sub-LPN, or detail LPN to unload.

##image 100

3. Enter a ship staging location.

##image 100

4. For sub-LPN and detail LPN tracked items, enter an LPN on which to deposit the inventory.
5. Confirm whether to unload the inventory.

##image 100

6. Continue unloading LPNs or press F6-Done.
Notes:
l A message is displayed if the number of LPNs exceeds your warehouse equipment limit.
l Depending on your user authorization, you may be prompted to unpick the inventory
that was unloaded. If not, the inventory is deposited to the selected destination and
you can continue unloading the transport equipment.
l If the prompt to unpick inventory is displayed, you can use Esc F9-OvrWhEqLim to
override the warehouse equipment limit.
7. To unpick the inventory:
a. Enter Y to unpick the inventory.
Note: If you enter N, the inventory remains picked and is deposited to the selected
destination.

## Image 100

b. Ifrequired, enter the LPN to unpick.
c. Confirm whether to unpick a partial quantity.

## Image 100

d. To unpick a partial quantity, enter the quantity to unpick and a destination LPN.

## Image 100

e. When prompted, enter the pick cancellation code.

## Image 100

f. Continue entering the LPNs to unpick, or press F6-Done.
g. When prompted, select the putaway mode and enter the deposit location for the unpicked
inventory.

## Image 100

## Image 100

Load less than truckload transport equipment
You use LTL Loading to load transport equipment that is configured with the less than truckload
transport mode. LTL loading allows you to load inventory without having any stops or loads defined, and
without being prompted to complete a stop. It also allows you to enter a dock door other than the one
specified; for example, to load a portion of the shipment to another piece of transport equipment.
1. From the Shipment Menu, select LTL Loading.
2. Enter the carrier and dock door.

## Image 100

3. Enter an LPN to load

## Image 100

4. Enter the dock and LPN to confirm the deposit.

## Image 100

Reopen outbound transport equipment
You use Reopen Equip to open outbound transport equipment that has been closed; this allows you to
continue loading the transport equipment, or to unload it if necessary.
1. From the Shipment Menu, select Reopen Equip.
2. Enter the transport equipment or dock door location.

## Image 100

3. Confirm whether to reopen the equipment.

## Image 100

4. When processing is complete, press Enter.
Load empty handling units
You use Load Emp HU to load empty handling units onto transport equipment that is parked at a dock
door. The empty handling units must be associated with a shipment that is either staged, loading, or
loaded.
IMPORTANT: This option is only available if Inventory handling unit tracking has been enabled for
the warehouse.
1. From the Shipment Menu, select Load Emp HU.
2. Enter a shipment that is in one of the following statuses: Staged, Loading, or Loaded.

## Image 100

3. To load non-serialized handling units, enter the handling unit type, status, and quantity.

## Image 100

4. To load a serialized handling unit:
a. Enter the handling unit identifier. The status and quantity are filled in automatically.
Note: If desired, you can change the handling unit status.

## Image 100

b. Press Enter.
Unload empty handling units
You use Unload Emp HU to unload empty handling units from transport equipment that is parked at a
dock door. The transport equipment must contain empty handling units for a shipment. If the transport
equipment is closed, you must reopen the transport equipment before proceeding to unload empty
handling units. See "Reopen outbound transport equipment" (on page 156).
IMPORTANT: This option is only available if Inventory handling unit tracking has been enabled for
the warehouse.
1. From the Shipment Menu, select Unload Emp HU.
2. Enter the shipment identifier.

## Image 100

3. To unload non-serialized handling units, enter the handling unit type, status, and quantity.

## Image 100

4. To unload a serialized handling unit, enter the handling unit identifier and status.

## Image 100

Dispatch transport equipment
You use Dispatch Equip to dispatch closed transport equipment from a dock door or yard location. If the
Tractor field in the outbound loading configuration is set to Yes, then you must first have a tractor
assigned to the transport equipment before the equipment can be dispatched.
1. From the Receiving Menu or Shipment Menu, select Dispatch Equip.
2. Enter the location or transport equipment.

## Image 100

3. If available, enter the equipment details, such as tractor, driver license, and driver name.
4. Confirm whether to dispatch the equipment.

## Image 100

Manual outbound audit
You use Man Out Audit to validate that the inventory picked for a shipment matches the expected
inventory. Audits are performed on LPNs, and require you to confirm the item details (depending on
configuration) and quantity. If inventory is picked to a handling unit, carton, or tote, the audit may
require additional identifying information.
An outbound audit consists of an audit count and, if discrepancies occur, a secondary count. If the audit
count is successful the hold is removed. If the audit count is discrepant but the secondary count is
correct, the hold is removed. However, if the audit count and the secondary count are discrepant, the
hold remains applied to the inventory.
1. From the Shipment Menu, select Man Out Audit.
2. Enter a location or an identifier for an LPN, order, work order, completed work assignment, or
shipment. An identifier can only be audited if all of the inventory associated with the identifier has
been picked and deposited, but not loaded. For example, to audit a work assignment, the entire
work assignment must be picked and deposited; to audit a shipment, the entire shipment must
be picked and deposited.
Note: An outbound audit hold is placed on all the LPNs associated with identifier you choose
to audit. The hold remains on the picked inventory until the audit is completed successfully or
an authorized user (such as a supervisor)removes the hold.

## Image 100

3. Enter an LPN to audit, and any additional LPN details as prompted (such as handling unit, carton,
position, slot, or sequence number).

## Image 100

4. Enter the item details and quantity information for an item on the LPN. Item details may include
lot, country of origin, revision level, supplier lot, sub-LPN, detail LPN, and other attributes,
depending on configurations.

## Image 100

5. Continue entering item details and quantity information for other items on the LPN, or press F6-
Done.
6. Enter the next LPN to audit, along with its item details and quantity information.

## Image 100

## Image 100

7. When finished entering item information, press F6-Done.
8. When finished entering LPNs, press F6-Done.
9. Confirm whether to complete the audit.

## Image 100

10. When a message displays the result of the audit, press Enter.
11. If discrepancies occur, follow the prompts to repeat the audit or press F6-Done to skip the
secondary count. If the secondary audit does not resolve the discrepancies, or if you do not
complete the secondary count, then the inventory remains on hold. Only authorized users can
remove the hold from the inventory.
Remove audit hold
You use Remove Aud Hold to remove the hold that was placed on picked inventory as a result of an RF
outbound audit. See "Manual outbound audit" (on page 160).
During an outbound audit, a hold is automatically placed on inventory until the outbound audit is
successful. If the outbound audit is completed with discrepancies, the hold remains applied to the
inventory until an audit is completed without discrepancies or until an authorized operator removes the
hold.
Note: The Remove Aud Hold option is only available for operators that are authorized to perform it.
1. From the Shipment Menu, select Remove Aud Hold.
2. Enter the identifier associated with the picked inventory that is on hold.

## Image 100

3. When the process is complete, press Enter.

## Image 100

Auto-ship a sequenced order
You use Auto-Ship Seq to systematically load, close, ship, and check out a shipment (represented by a
master handling unit) that has been staged.
Automatic shipping can be performed if the following criteria is met:
l The carrier associated with the shipment has been configured to allow automatic shipping.
l All of the inventory for the shipment has been staged, is related to the same work assignment,
and is on the same LPN or master LPN (master handling unit).
l There are no in-process item family set sequences for the same item family set that are not on this
shipment and that should be shipped first. This is important to ensure that shipments are
dispatched in sequential order.
l The shipment has not been closed.
1. From the Shipment Menu, select Auto-Ship Seq.
2. Enter the LPN for the handling unit to ship.

## Image 100

3. When the process is complete, press Enter.
Catch quantity capture
You use Catch Qty Cap to record the catch quantity by UOM for picked inventory that requires catch
quantity capture during shipping. This option is available if your Inventory settings are configured to
delay capture until after inventory has been picked.
1. From the Shipment Menu, select Catch Qty Cap.
2. Enter the location of the picked inventory that requires a catch quantity to be recorded.
3. Enter the identifier of the inventory to capture. The item details are displayed.

## Image 100

4. To change the UOM, move back to the Cap UOM field and select a different UOM.
5. Enter the catch quantity for the displayed UOM.
Note: If an LPN contains a quantity of the displayed UOM (such as 2 cases), then the screen
displays a value, such as "1 of 2", so that you can enter a catch quantity for each UOM
quantity. The Tot C Q (total catch quantity) field displays a value that increments as you enter
the catch quantity for each UOM quantity.

## Image 100

6. Continue entering the catch quantity for each UOM quantity.
7. When the process is complete, press Enter.

## Image 100

Chapter 11. RF yard
You use the RF Yard Menu option to view pending transport equipment moves and perform them.
Select yard work
You use Select Yard Work to display a list of pending transport equipment moves that you are eligible to
perform. You can select the move that you want to complete.
The Work Selection screen displays the following information for each pending move:
l Pri: Priority, with 1 being the highest priority. The list of moves is displayed in descending priority.
l St: Type and status of the transport equipment.
o Types:
n I = Receiving
n O = Shipping
n S = Storage
o Statuses:
n CKIN = Checked In
n CLSD = Closed
n DCMP = Delivery Complete
n DISP = Dispatched
n EXPD = Expected
n LING = Loading
n ODEL = On Delivery
n OLDG = Open for Loading
n ORCV = Open for Receiving
n OSHP = Open for Shipping
n PDIS = Pending Dispatch
n RCVG = Receiving
n RDEL = Returned from Delivery
n SUSP = Suspended
n ULDG = Unloading
Opr: Work operation, such as "Transport Equip" (transport equipment move).
l Car: Carrier.
l Loc: Current yard or dock door location of the transport equipment.
l Eq: Identifier for the transport equipment.
l To: Location to which the equipment should be moved.
1. From the Yard Menu, select Select Yard Work. The first move is highlighted. The number (such as
"1 of 2") identifies the number of the highlighted move and the total number of pending moves
that you are authorized to perform.
Note: Work is listed in priority sequence. You can use F6-Refresh Work to refresh the display
and return to the first move in the list.

## Image 100

2. Select the move to perform and press Enter. The Equip Pickup screen displays the transport
equipment information.
3. Enter the source location.

## Image 100

4. Confirm whether to move the transport equipment.

## Image 100

5. Enter the location to which the transport equipment has been moved.

## Image 100

6. Confirm whether the move is complete.

## Image 100

7. When the process is complete, press Enter

## Image 100

8. Select another piece of work to complete, or press F1-Back to return to the Yard Menu.
Chapter 12. RF labor statistics
You use the Labor Statistics menu option to view your performance. This option is only available when
Warehouse Labor Management is integrated with Warehouse Management.
View labor statistics
You use Labor Statistics to display your performance for the current day. This option is only functional
when Warehouse Labor Management is integrated with Warehouse Management.
From the Undirected Menu, select Labor Statistics. The labor statistics are displayed in following fields:
l Performance: Indicates whether the goal time for the day is being met. A value of 100 or greater
indicates the goal time is being met or exceeded. A value less than 100 indicates that actual time is
greater than the estimated goal time.
l Goal Time: Estimated time to complete the work.
l Actual Time: Actual time it took for work to be completed.
1. From the Undirected Menu, select Labor Statistics.
2. View your performance statistics.

## Image 100

3. When finished, press Enter.
Chapter 13. RF directed work
You use the Directed Work menu option to view the next work request that you can perform.
Directed work is a function that automatically selects and displays a work request for you to perform.
After you acknowledge a work request, a series ofscreens directs you to a location and prompts you for
the actions required to perform the work. When the work is complete, the next work request (if
available) is displayed for you to perform.
Directed work can include receiving, picking, inventory, counting, and shipping tasks, as well as others,
depending on configurations.
Note: The operations that can be performed through directed work are defined in the web client. In
addition, the Work Queue page, available from the web client, displays the list of tasks that are
waiting to be performed. The list of tasks on the Work Queue page includes undirected work (such as
picks released by printing a pick sheet or pick label), which is not issued through the Directed Work
option. See the information on work operations and the Work Queue page in the Supply Chain
Execution Web Application OnLine Expert.
The application issues work based on the priority of the work in the work queue and the proximity of the
work to your current location (including the consideration of your home work area). In addition, the
configuration of the work operation determines which users and which warehouse equipment is
authorized to perform the work, and which locations (based on location access group) are compatible
with your equipment.
For information on how to determine why a particular work request is not being issued, see "Ineligible
work" (on page 176).
Directed work process function keys
The function keys that are available during RF directed work processes vary depending on the directed
work being performed. For details, see "Function keys overview" (on page 9), "Esc function keys
overview" (on page 24), or the function keys for the type of directed work that you will perform; for
example, if performing receiving work, see "Receiving process function keys" (on page 29).
In addition to the "Picking process function keys" (on page 121), the following function key is available for
work assignments acknowledged through directed work.
Esc F8-ReqNextListId
When you have acknowledged a work assignment through directed work and the first pick is displayed,
you can use Esc F8-ReqNextListId to search for the next eligible work assignment. If there is room on your
device (based on its LPN equipment limit) and another work assignment is available, the Pick List At
screen displays the next work assignment for you to start.
For multiple work assignments, the application merges picks for matching items if possible. For example,
if work assignment LIST1 requires 3 cases of an item, and work assignment LIST2 requires 5 cases of the
same item, then you are directed to pick 8 cases of the item; and deposit 3 cases to the LIST1 LPN, and 5
cases to the LIST2 LPN.
Perform directed work
You use Directed Work to acknowledge and perform a directed work request.
Depending on configuration, you may be prompted to enter criteria for filtering the directed work that is
issued to you. You can limit work requests to a specific building, aisle, or work zone; the application
locates directed work based on the filter value that you select.
1. From the Undirected Menu, select Directed Work.

## Image 100

2. If prompted for a filter, enter the building, work zone, or aisle in which you want to receive
directed work.
Note: Depending on configuration, you are prompted whether to limit the directed work that
is offered to you. If you enter a value for one or more filters, the application only offers
directed work that can be performed in the selected building, work zone, or aisle.

## Image 100

3. When a work request is displayed, press Enter to acknowledge that you will perform it.

## Image 100

4. Follow the screens and prompts to complete the work.
Note: For information on how to perform the work, find the procedure in this document. For
example, to perform a work assignment, see "Pick inventory for a work assignment" (on page
137).
Perform directed pallet picks
When you perform directed pallet picks, the Pickup Product At screen displays the pallet quantity (such
as 2 PA) that you can pick from a storage location.
l If the pallet quantity is 1, then after you enter the first LPN to pick, you are either directed to a
deposit location or, if your equipment limit allows, offered another piece of directed work.
l If the pallet quantity is more than 1, then after you enter the first LPN to pick, the Order Pick (or
Replenishment Pick)screen displays the next LPN to pick. This process allows you to pick multiple
pallets from the same location before being directed to a deposit location or offered another piece
of directed work.
1. From the Undirected Menu, select Directed Work.

## Image 100

2. If prompted for a filter, select the building, aisle, or work zone in which you want to receive
directed work.
Note: Depending on configuration, you are prompted whether to limit the directed work that
is offered to you. If you enter a value for one or more filters, the application only offers
directed work that can be performed in the selected building, work zone, or aisle.

## Image 100

3. When the source location and quantity is displayed, press Enter.
Note: If a pallet pick is not displayed, then find the procedure in this document for the type of
work that is displayed. For example, to perform a work assignment, see "Pick inventory for a
work assignment" (on page 137)

## Image 100

4. Go to the location and enter the LPN for the displayed pick.

## Image 100

5. If the next pick is displayed, enter the LPN to pick.

## Image 100

6. When the Product Deposit screen is displayed, enter the deposit location, and deposit the pallet.
Do this for each pallet that you picked.

## Image 100

## Image 100

Ineligible work
You can view the Ineligible Work page, available in the web client, to determine the reasons why a work
request is not offered to an operator that is logged into the application. All of the reasons for ineligibility
must be resolved before the work request is issued to the operator through directed work.
The following table explains the reasons why a particular work request may not be issued to a particular
operator (user).
Note: See the information on viewing ineligible work in the Supply Chain Execution Web Application
OnLine Expert.
Reason Description
Assigned to Other Role The work request is assigned to a role to which the user is not
assigned. See the information on authorization and users in the
Supply Chain Execution Web Application OnLine Expert.
Assigned to Other User The work request is assigned to a different user. A user can be assigned
to a specific load, a piece of transport equipment, or a specific work
request. See the information on managing the work queue in the
Supply Chain Execution Web Application OnLine Expert.
Assigned User Locked The user is currently working on and locked to an outbound load. After
the outbound load has been completed, the user can perform other
directed work. See the information on adding or modifying loads in the
Supply Chain Execution Web Application OnLine Expert.
Device/Work Area The device is not authorized for the work area. See the information on
adding or modifying an RF device in the Supply Chain Execution Web
Application OnLine Expert.
Ineligible Work Status The status of the work request is Locked or Suspended. You use the
work queue to unlock a locked work request and reset a suspended
work request. See the information on managing the work queue in the
Supply Chain Execution Web Application OnLine Expert.
Out of Service The work zone has been placed out ofservice. See the information on
adding or modifying a work zone in the Supply Chain Execution Web
Application OnLine Expert.
Reason Description
Same Cycle Count user The user has performed a count for which the application requires a
different user to perform a subsequent count. For example, if one user
performed a cycle count that resulted in an count audit, and the audit
count type requires a different user, then another user must perform
the count audit. See the information on adding or modifying a count
type in the Supply Chain Execution Web Application OnLine Expert.
Unauthorized for Client The user is not authorized for the client associated with the work. See
the information on authorization and users in the Supply Chain
Execution Web Application OnLine Expert.
User/Operation The user is not authorized to perform the operation. See the
information on work operations in the Supply Chain Execution Web
Application OnLine Expert.
Warehouse Equipment Not
Valid for Location
The warehouse equipment is not allowed to perform directed work in
the location. The location access group of the equipment must match
the location access group of the location. See the information on
location access groups in the Supply Chain Execution Web Application
OnLine Expert.
Warehouse Equipment
Type/Operation
The warehouse equipment is not authorized to perform the work
operation. See the information on work operations in the Supply
Chain Execution Web Application OnLine Expert.
Wrong Aisle The aisle in which the work is located is different from the aisle that the
user selected as an assignment filter. If directed work filters are
enabled, assignment filters are displayed when the user signs on to
directed work. The user can filter work requests so that only requests
for a particular aisle, building, or work zone are issued.
Wrong Building The building in which the work is located is different from the building
that the user selected as an assignment filter. If directed work filters
are enabled, assignment filters are displayed on the device when the
user signs on to directed work. The user can filter work requests so
that only requests for a particular aisle, building, or work zone are
issued.
Wrong Work Zone The work zone in which the work is located is different from the work
zone that the user selected as an assignment filter. If directed work
filters are enabled, assignment filters are displayed on the device when
the user signs on to directed work. The user can filter work requests so
that only requests for a particular aisle, building, or work zone are
issued.
Zone Equipment Limits The number of pieces of equipment currently performing directed
work in the work zone has reached the limit defined for the work zone.
See the information on work zones and equipment limits in the Supply
Chain Execution Web Application OnLine Expert
Chapter 14. RF tools
You use the RF Tools Menu to access options and utilities that can be performed while you are in the
process of performing other functions. You can access the Tools Menu by pressing F7-Tools.
Maintenance Menu
The Maintenance Menu is used to group menu options for maintaining location inventory and capacity,
certain item attributes, inventory status and handling unit assignments, and LPN attributes. You can also
perform a move inline while performing another function, such as a count.
Maintain inventory in a location
You use Inventory Mnt to view the inventory that currently resides in a location, and to maintain the
inventory quantity in the location by adding or deleting LPNs.
IMPORTANT: Operators assigned to roles that can access the Inventory Mnt option are allowed to
add and delete (adjust) inventory.
The Maintain Inventory screen displays the following information for an LPN:
l Item on the LPN
l LPN level at which the item is tracked (L = LPN, S = sub-LPN, D = detail LPN)
l Item footprint default receive quantity
l Item default receive inventory status
l Item footprint UOM (packaging level) quantities
1. From the Tools Menu, select Maint Menu, and then select Inventory Mnt.
2. Enter a location to view or maintain. An LPN is displayed.

## Image 100

Note: To display the next LPN in the location, press F2-Next.
3. To add an LPN:
a. Press F3-Add.
b. Enter an LPN, item information, and quantity.
c. Continue to add LPNs or press F1-Back to return to the Maintain Inventory screen.
4. To delete an LPN:
a. Display the LPN to delete.
Note: If there are multiple LPNs in the location, press F2-Next to advance through the
list of LPNs until the one you want to delete is displayed.

## Image 100

b. Press F4-Del.

## Image 100

c. Confirm whether to delete the LPN.
Maintain location capacity
You use Loc Cap Mnt to change or reset the maximum capacity defined for a location. You can use this
option, for example, to adjust the maximum capacity of a location to the quantity that is currently stored
in the location.
IMPORTANT: Operators assigned to roles that can access the Loc Cap Mnt option are allowed to
change the location maximum capacity from the RF.
Maximum capacity is based on the location configuration, which uses one of the following capacity
codes:
l Pallet: Expresses capacity in the number of pallets or LPNs that the location can hold. For
example, if the maximum capacity specified for a location is 2 pallets, then the application allows 2
pallets or LPNs into the location before changing its status to full.

## Image 100

l Length: Expresses capacity by the length of the location using the measurement unit defined in
the location configuration. Capacity by length is typically used for case flow rack locations. The
application determines the number of cases (placed end to end) that can fit in the location based
on case length (defined in the item footprint). For example, if the case length is 10 inches and the
flow rack is 100 inches, 10 cases will fit. If case length is 30 inches and the flow rack is 100 inches, 3
cases will fit.

## Image 100

l Volume: Expresses capacity by the volume (length x width x height) ofspace available in the
location. To determine capacity by volume, the application multiplies the maximum height that
inventory can be stacked in the location by the width and length of the location.

## Image 100

l Each: Expresses capacity in the number of pieces (stocking units of measure) that the location can
hold.

## Image 100

l Case Dimension: Expresses capacity by the dimension of a case of inventory and a maximum
number of cases. The location can support a case of any size that fits within the location
dimensions.

## Image 100

The following function keys are available from the Loc Capacity Mnt screen:
l F4-Calc Capacity: Displays UOM fields for an item footprint in the location. You use this function to
enter the location maximum capacity based on UOMs. The UOMs are displayed for an item and
footprint combination. If there are multiple footprints in the location, you can enter UOMs for
each footprint. This function is available for locations that have either inventory or an assigned
replenishment configuration. For example, if you enter 1 pallet and 5 cases as the maximum
capacity of a volume-tracked location, the application calculates the maximum volume equivalent
to that UOM quantity.
l F8-Set Loc Capacity: Allows you to change the maximum capacity, which defines the amount of
inventory (based on capacity code) allowed to go into the location.
l F9-Reset Capacity: Resets the location's capacity to the location's default maximum capacity
(defined in the location configuration).
1. From the Tools Menu, select Maint Menu, and then select Loc Cap Mnt.
2. To change the maximum capacity:
a. Enter the location.

## Image 100

b. Perform one of the following tasks:
l Enter the new maximum capacity value, and then press Enter.
l Calculate the new maximum capacity by UOM:
i. Press F4-Calc Capacity.
ii. Enter the quantity by UOM. The location's new maximum capacity is
displayed.

## Image 100

iii. When the process is complete, press Enter.

## Image 100

3. To set the location's capacity to the quantity currently stored in the location:
a. Enter the location.

## Image 100

b. Press F8-Set Loc Capacity. The new maximum capacity is updated to match the quantity
that is currently stored in the location.

## Image 100

c. When the process is complete, press Enter.

## Image 100

4. To reset the capacity to the original maximum capacity configured for the location code:
a. Enter a location.

## Image 100

b. Press F9-Reset Capacity. The new maximum capacity is set to the original maximum
capacity configured for the location.

## Image 100

c. When the process is complete, press Enter.

## Image 100

Maintain an item
You use Item Mnt to change the attributes of an item.
IMPORTANT: Operators assigned to roles that can access the Item Mnt option are allowed to make
limited changes to an item configuration.
You can change following attributes for an item:
l Item family: An item family is a named group ofsimilar items (such as Apparel or Electronics),
typically with the same material handling characteristics. You can use item families to configure
the application to process storage and allocation, such as to direct the same item family to specific
zones or locations in the facility.
l Footprint: A configuration that describes the packaging dimensions and units of measure for the
item with which it is associated. You can change the footprint to another existing footprint.
l Stocking unit of measure: Smallest unit of measure (UOM) in which the item is stored.
l Velocity: Identifies the speed at which inventory stored in a location moves in and out of the
warehouse. Velocity is used to optimize warehouse space and inventory handling by placing fast
moving items in the best locations for quick picking, and slower moving items in less accessible
storage locations. The application accomplishes this by attempting to match the velocity of an
item with the velocity of a location when finding a location to store the item. For example,
seasonal items may be set to Fast Moving during the appropriate season; and then to Slow
Moving for the rest of the year.
l Receive status: Default status that identifies the quality level of inventory that is received into the
warehouse. The receive status (if one is defined for the item, supplier, or order line) is displayed
when you identify the item during receiving. During identification, depending on configuration,
you may be allowed to change the receive status; however, if no receive status is displayed, you
must select one.
l Receivable flag (1 = Receivable; 0 = Not receivable): Indicates whether operators can receive
inventory for this item. Ifset to "not receivable", the item cannot be identified or adjusted into
the warehouse. Typically, new items sent down from the host are sent as "not receivable", which
prompts a user to check the item's configuration and footprint before identifying the item for the
first time.
1. From the Tools Menu, select Maint Menu, and then select Item Mnt.
2. Enter an item and item client. The item information is displayed.

## Image 100

3. Move the cursor to the field that you want to change.
4. Enter a new value.

## Image 100

5. Confirm whether to update the item.

## Image 100

6. When the process is complete, press Enter.

## Image 100

Change the status of inventory
You use Status Change to change the status of an LPN, sub-LPN, or detail LPN.
Note: Depending on configurations, you may not be allowed to change the status of inventory to or
from some or all inventory statuses.
1. From the Tools Menu, select Maint Menu, and then select Status Change.
2. Enter an LPN, sub-LPN, or detail LPN. The current status of the inventory is displayed.

## Image 100

3. Enter a new status.

## Image 100

4. Enter a reason for changing the inventory status.

## Image 100

5. Confirm whether to change the status.

## Image 100

6. When the process is complete, press Enter.

## Image 100

Change the handling unit assigned to inventory
You use Inv HU Change to add a non-serialized handling unit type to an LPN, sub-LPN, or detail LPN; or
change the handling unit type that is currently assigned.
1. From the Tools Menu, select Maint Menu, and then select Inv HU Change.
2. Enter an LPN, sub-LPN, or detail LPN. If a handling unit type is currently assigned to the LPN, it is
displayed.

## Image 100

3. Enter a handling unit type.

## Image 100

4. When the process is complete, press Enter.

## Image 100

Change the LPN attributes
You use LPN Attr Change to change the LPN attributes associated with inventory. An LPN attribute is a
user-defined, LPN-level packaging requirement that is assigned to support the preferences of a customer,
customer type, or supplier. For example, if a customer requires that pallets of inventory be wrapped and
labeled on all four sides, LPN attributes for wrapping and labeling can be specified on the customer's
order lines. During order processing, the application prompts operators to perform or verify the
attributes prior to shipping.
Note: Configuration determines the number (up to five) and names of the LPN attributes that are
displayed on the LPN Attribute Change screen.
1. From the Tools Menu, select Maint Menu, and then select LPN Attr Change.
2. Enter an LPN. The configured attributes are displayed.

## Image 100

3. For each attribute that you want to apply to the LPN, type Y.
4. For each attribute that does not apply, type N.

## Image 100

5. When the process is complete, press Enter.

## Image 100

Perform an inline move
You use Inline Move to transfer inventory from one location or LPN to another. This procedure can be
performed in line with another operation (such as picking), for example, to transfer damaged inventory
out of a pick location.
Note: When Warehouse Management is integrated with Warehouse Labor Management, and
depending on configurations, the operator is credited with the additional effort required to perform
the inventory move.
1. From the Tools Menu, select Inline Move.
2. Enter a location or LPN.
Note: If you enter a sub-LPN or detail LPN, the display shows the entire (parent) LPN quantity;
not the quantity of the sub-LPN or detail LPN. For example, if the LPN contains 4 cases (subLPNs), and you enter the sub-LPN for one of the cases, the display shows 4 cases.
3. For a multi-item location or LPN, enter the item information. The quantity of the item in the
location or on the LPN is displayed.

## Image 100

4. To move a partial LPN quantity, enter the quantity and UOM to move.
Note: Depending on configurations, you may not be allowed to transfer a partial quantity.
5. Enter the destination location or LPN.
Note: If you entered a new LPN, you are prompted to enter an LPN level for the LPN.
Depending on configuration, you may also be prompted to enter handling unit and LPN
attribute information for the LPN.

## Image 100

6. If you entered a new LPN or left the location blank, press F6-Done to access the deposit screen.
7. Enter the deposit location.
User Options
The User Options menu provides options for resetting your home work area and warehouse equipment.
Note: The Override Loc option, which may appear on the User Options menu, is only available from a
deposit screen, where it also available as a function key (F4-OvrLoc). See "Function keys overview"
(on page 9).
Set home work area
You use Set Home Work Area to specify a home work area, or change the home work area that was
selected when you logged in on the RF device. See "Log in to Warehouse Management" (on page 2).
Specifying a home work area is optional. It is one of the attributes that the application uses to select
directed work for you to perform.
l If you set a home work area, then after you complete directed work that moves you out of your
home work area, the application attempts to move you back to the home work area with the next
piece of available work (depending on priorities and other configurations).
For example, if your home work area is receiving, you may be directed to shipping for higher
priority work. After you finish the work in shipping, the application attempts to find directed work
that would move you back to receiving (your home work area).
l If you do not set a home work area, then you are directed to the closest available work based on
the last work that you completed.
1. From the Tools Menu, select User Options, and then select Set Home Work Area.
2. Enter your home work area.

## Image 100

3. Confirm whether to update the home work area.

## Image 100

Set warehouse equipment
You use Set Warehouse Equi to change the warehouse equipment type that was selected when you
logged in on the RF. See "Log in to Warehouse Management" (on page 2)
You may need to set the warehouse equipment type if you start using a different type of equipment and
want to ensure that you obtain the directed work appropriate to the new type.
1. From the Tools Menu, select User Options, and then select Set Warehouse Equi.
2. Enter the warehouse equipment type.

## Image 100

3. When processing is complete, press Enter.

## Image 100

Utilities Menu
The Utilities Menu is used to group options used to generate a trace file of the RF device or server
processes for the purpose of troubleshooting. The Utilities Menu also provides a calculator and notepad
utility.
Start and stop server tracing
You use Server Tracing to start and stop tracing on the mobile terminal framework (MTF)server. Tracing
captures log messages created by the server and also the ones created by all client sessions connected to
the server instance. The trace is stored by default in the <Trace File Name>.log file on the application
server in the <Drive>:JDA\<Instance Name>\LES\log directory.
You use server tracing, for example, when an RF operator receives an error message. If you can repeat
the action that caused the error, you can start server tracing prior to the message and then stop server
tracing after the error. You can then download the file from the server and send it to Blue Yonder
Services for troubleshooting.
IMPORTANT:
l When a trace is required, Blue Yonder recommends that you start both server and device
tracing, so that both trace files can be analyzed to troubleshoot the error.
l When the process that you want to capture is complete, be sure to stop server and device
tracing so that tracing stops capturing RF activity. If tracing is not stopped, the resulting file
continues to grow and occupy available space on the server.
You can configure the trace level using the following options:
Note: By default, all of the trace levels are enabled. Typically, you should use all the default trace
levels unless instructed otherwise by Blue Yonder Services. For more information on trace levels, see
the Supply Chain Execution OnLine Expert.
l W: Application Flow Messages
l S: SWLLib Calls
l M: Connection Manager Flow
l X: Server Flow Messages
l A: Server Arguments
l R: Performance Statistics
l C: Command Profiling
l P: Process ID in all Messages
1. To start server tracing:
a. From the Tools Menu, select Utilities Menu, and then select Server Tracing.
b. Accept the default trace level or enter the letter for each trace level to enable.
Note: In general, Blue Yonder recommends that you accept the default trace levels.
c. Enter a trace file name or accept the default value. You must use .LOG as the file name
extension.

## Image 100

d. Confirm whether to start tracing.

## Image 100

2. To stop server tracing:
a. From the Tools Menu, select Utilities Menu, and then select Server Tracing.
b. Confirm whether to stop tracing.

## Image 100

Start and stop device tracing
You use Device Tracing to start and stop tracing that captures log messages created by the client session
associated with your RF device. The trace is stored by default in the <Trace File Name>.out file on the
application server in the <Drive>:JDA\<Instance Name>\LES\log directory.
You use device tracing, for example, when an RF operator receives an error message. If you can repeat
the action that caused the error, you can start device tracing prior to the message and then stop tracing
after the error. You can then download the file from the server and send it to Blue Yonder Services for
troubleshooting.
IMPORTANT:
l When a trace is required, Blue Yonder recommends that you start both server and device
tracing, so that both trace files can be analyzed to troubleshoot the error.
l When the process that you want to capture is complete, be sure to stop server and device
tracing so that tracing stops capturing RF activity. If tracing is not stopped, the resulting file
continues to grow and occupy available space on the server.
The trace file can include screen images of RF forms at specific points in the process. You use the Capture
Level field to configure when screen images are written to the trace file using the following options:
l N: Writes the image when you enter a form.
l X: Writes the image when you exit a form.
l F: Writes the image whenever you tab out of a field.
1. To start device tracing:
a. From the Tools Menu, select Utilities Menu, and then select Device Tracing.

## Image 100

b. Enter the letter for each capture level to enable or accept the default value.
Note: By default, all the capture levels are enabled. Typically, you should use all the
capture levels unless instructed otherwise by Blue Yonder Services.
c. Enter the trace file name or accept the default value. You must use .OUT for the file name
extension.
d. Confirm whether to start tracing.

## Image 100

2. To stop device tracing:
a. From the Tools Menu, select Utilities Menu, and then select Device Tracing.
b. Confirm whether to stop tracing.

## Image 100

Use the calculator utility
You use Calculator to perform basic math operations. In the calculator, you can enter two values and
then select an operation to add (+) the two numbers, subtract (-) the second number from the first
number, multiply (*) the two numbers, or divide (/) the first number by the second number.
1. From the Tools Menu, select Utilities Menu, and then select Calculator.
2. Enter two values to calculate. For example, to multiply 5 by 6, enter 5 and 6.
3. Press F2-Lookup to select the operation to use. The value resulting from the calculation is
displayed.

## Image 100

Use the notepad utility
You use Notepad to write and store up to 12 lines of a message. Each line can contain up to 31
alphanumeric characters. The message from row 1 through row 4 is saved to your user name; so it
remains available when log out of one RF device and log back in on another device.
1. From the Tools Menu, select Utilities Menu, and then select Notepad.
2. Select a line and enter your message.

## Image 100

3. To clear a line of text, press Esc F7-Clear Field.
4. To save your message (lines 1 through 4), press F6-Done.
Cancel a pick
You use Cancel Pick to cancel a displayed pick. This option is available when performing directed or
undirected pick work.
Note: Only the current pick can be cancelled.
1. During picking, when the Order Pick screen is displayed, press F7-Tools.
2. Select Cancel Pick.

## Image 100

3. Select a cancel code.
4. Select whether to set the location to an error status.
Note: An error status places a hold on inventory activity in a location. The location is no longer
available for storage or for reserving inventory in the location for orders. Any inventory
activity for the location that was defined prior to setting the location to error can be
completed, but no new activity is created. When the error status is removed (reset), activities
can resume.

## Image 100

5. Confirm whether to cancel the pick.

## Image 100

6. When processing is complete, press Enter.
View inventory
You use Inventory Dsp to search for inventory by location, item, or inventory attribute. For example,
you can perform the following types ofsearches:
l Enter a location to view the contents of the location
l Enter an item to view all of the locations that contain the item
l Enter the value for one or more attributes to find matching inventory
1. From the Inventory Menu or Tools Menu, select Inventory Dsp.
2. Enter a value in one or more of the displayed fields.
Note: It is not necessary to enter or tab through all of the fields.

## Image 100

3. Press F6-GoTo.
4. If available, view the Inventory Summary Display.
Note: An inventory summary may not be displayed, depending on configuration. The
inventory summary shows the quantity of inventory in each location summarized by the fields
configured for display. For example, if Lot is configured for display, then the screen displays a
record that shows the item and the quantity of inventory in the location that has the same
lot. The next record shows the quantity of inventory for the next lot, and so on. Following the
summary of the last record, the Inventory Display screen is displayed showing inventory
details.

## Image 100

5. To view the LPN details for an inventory summary, press F4-Display Detail.

## Image 100

6. To start a new search, press F6-GoTo.
View the details of serialized cases
You use Serial Case Dsp to view the list of cases on an LPN. If there are serialized cases on the LPN, you
can access detailed information for each serialized case; but not for non-serialized cases. Also, the detail
information does not display the serial number.
This option is specific to cases serialized at the sub-LPN level, and does not provide details for inventory
that is serialized at the detail LPN level.
1. From the Tools Menu, select Serial Case Dsp.

## Image 100

2. Enter one of the following identifiers: LPN, sub-LPN, detail LPN, or serial number. The screen
displays the LPN and lists the cases residing on the LPN.
Note: After you enter an identifier, the ID field is populated with the LPN on which the sub-LPN
resides, and all the cases on the LPN are displayed.

## Image 100

3. Select a serialized case and press Enter. Inventory details are displayed.
Note: Details are not displayed for non-serialized cases.

## Image 100

4. To view another case:
a. Press F1-Back to display the LPN.
b. Select a case in the list, and press Enter.
View location contents
You use Location Display to view the details of a location, including its status, items, quantities (current,
pending, and committed), and capacity (used, pending, and maximum). Pending quantity is that which is
being directed to the location, such as a replenishment or putaway. Committed quantity is that which
has been allocated for an order, work order, or replenishment.
When a location is displayed, you can use function keys to generate (F8-Gen Rpl) or perform (F6-Perf Rpl)
a replenishment for the location. See "Inventory process function keys" (on page 80).
1. From the Inventory Menu or Tools Menu, select Location Display.
2. Enter a location and then view the contents.

## Image 100

Log the start of indirect activity
You use LMS Set Indirect to notify the integrated Warehouse Labor Management application that you
are going to start an indirect activity.
IMPORTANT: To ensure that the start time is appropriately tracked, you must log the indirect activity
before you start working on it.
Notes:
l This option is only functional when Warehouse Labor Management is integrated with
Warehouse Management.
l The end time for the indirect work is applied automatically when you start direct work in the
application, such as picking inventory.
1. From the Tools Menu, select LMS Set Indirect.
2. Enter the indirect activity that you are going to start.

## Image 100

3. Confirm whether you are going to start the activity.
4. When processing is complete, press Enter.
Send a message to another operator, device, or role
You use Send Message to send a message to another operator, device, role, or to all devices. The
message can consist of up to 200 alphanumeric characters or symbols.
1. From the Tools Menu, select Send Message.
2. Enter a user, device, or role; or leave the fields blank to send a message to all devices.
Note: You can enter a value in multiple fields. For example, if you enter a user and a device,
the message will be sent to the devices that match that user or that device.

## Image 100

3. Enter your message.

## Image 100

4. Confirm whether to send the message.

## Image 100

5. When processing is complete, press Enter.

## Image 100

The recipient receives the message immediately or when logged in.
Note: The recipient can press Enter to clear the message.

## Image 100

Adjust LPN handling units
You use Load Asset Adjust to record the receipt of empty non-serialized handling units that arrived on
receiving transport equipment. For example, you identify and receive a pallet of inventory on a WHIT
handling unit, and then also receive 3 empty WHIT handling units from the transport equipment. In that
case, you would use Load Asset Adjust to record the receipt of the 3 empty WHIT handling units.
IMPORTANT: This option is only available if Inventory handling unit tracking has been enabled for
the warehouse.
1. From the Tools Menu, select Load Asset Adjust.
2. Enter the transport equipment that contains the empty handling units. The LPNs in the location
are displayed, along with the handling unit type and quantity associated with each LPN.

## Image 100

3. Select an LPN and press Enter. The LPN along with its handling unit type is displayed.
4. Enter the handling unit attributes (such as type and quantity) to record the additional empty
handling units that you removed from the transport equipment.

## Image 100

5. When the changes are displayed, press Enter to complete the update.

## Image 100
